# Ⅰ. Abstract

The cryptocurrency ecosystem started on May 22, 2010 when programmer Laszlo Hanyets living in Jacksonville, Florida, USA, paid 10,000 BTC for two pizzas ($41 at the time). And now 11 years have passed, it has turned into a huge market worth more than $2 trillion, and the underlying blockchain technology is constantly developing while trying to graft it into various businesses around the world. From the simple payment ledger function to the establishment of various decentralized business solutions by smart contracts, and interlocking transactions between heterogeneous blockchains, it has been mainly used for functions that guarantee transactions between individuals(albeit with high volatility) and transfer values.

However, from the end of 2017, attempts have been made to utilize blockchain technology as a means of proving ownership of a specific asset with value rather than a means of payment for asset transaction, and in 2021, it is causing an NFT boom around the world.

NFT is an abbreviation of Non-Fungible Token, meaning only one token that represents ownership of digital assets. Because of the uniqueness of only one, it is in the spotlight as a means to represent ownership of a digital asset that has value and to trade it.   \
If we look at the NFTs traded in the NFT markets that are popping up all over the place now, most of them are minting works of art, game items, videos, etc., but are limited to indicating ownership of each content.

MINTWAY Project goes beyond the limitations of the NFT ecosystem where only simple sales and purchases exist, limited to each blockchain mainnet as it is now, and wants not only to mint NFT with various types of content, but also to mint NFTs with patents and trademarks and to devide them in multiple so that we build a multi-fractionalized NFT trading platform that users can own and earn a profits. A technology that allows decentralized owners to automatically monetize the license fee will be applied to this, and an ecosystem will be built in which NFTs can be leased and monetized rather than simply owned.

Meanwhile, since each country has different systems and laws for cryptocurrency and cryptocurrency-related service platforms, MINTWAY portal services are provided only in countries that do not require a license or have acquired a license. Therefore, residents of countries that require a license, such as Singapore, but where MINTIVRSE PTE.LTD. has not obtained a license, are blocked in the KYC process when signing up for membership and cannot use this service, Cryptocurrencies used in the MINTWAY Project cannot be traded by citizens of countries where the transaction is legally restricted.
